Hi guys, in this lesson we will talk about Shovel plugin of RabbitMQ. We can migrate messages
from one queue to another queue with Shovel plugin.
It works for queues on the same virtual host.
We can find it in the queue details page.
It is under the move section in the detail.
Shovel is a plugin.
By default we couldn't find it on RabbitMQ Management Console.
So first of all we should install it.
We can install it with a command.
Actually when we check the move section in the queue details. We can find the install command. We can easily install it with this command.
We will install the shovel and shovel management console. To use the shovel plugin.
First of all, we should enable it from the RabbitMQ console.
After we enabled it, we should log out and log in again.
Now we can migrate our messages from one queue to another queue.
To test it we will pick a queue, then we will go into the details of the source queue.
Then from the move section, we will handle it.
For example, we can move the message from the topic queue three to the topic queue two.
But first of all, we will need the destination queue because the shovel moves messages from source queue to destination queue.
By the way, we cannot move messages partially with the shovel.
We can only move all queues at a time.
After we move messages, we can see messages in the destination queue.
That's all.
Thank you.